org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile audible-bell true
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile background-color '#000000'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile backspace-binding 'ascii-delete'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile bold-color '#abb2bf'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile bold-color-same-as-fg true
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile bold-is-bright false
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile cell-height-scale 1.0
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile cell-width-scale 1.0
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile cjk-utf8-ambiguous-width 'narrow'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile cursor-background-color '#000000'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile cursor-blink-mode 'system'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile cursor-colors-set false
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile cursor-foreground-color '#ffffff'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile cursor-shape 'block'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile custom-command ''
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile default-size-columns 80
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile default-size-rows 24
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile delete-binding 'delete-sequence'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile enable-bidi true
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile enable-shaping true
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile enable-sixel true
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile encoding 'UTF-8'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile exit-action 'close'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile font 'Monospace 12'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile foreground-color '#abb2bf'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile highlight-background-color '#000000'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile highlight-colors-set false
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile highlight-foreground-color '#ffffff'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile login-shell false
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile palette ['#000000', '#e06c75', '#87d787', '#d19a66', '#00aeff', '#c678dd', '#56b6c2', '#abb2bf', '#5c6370', '#e06c75', '#87d787', '#d19a66', '#00aeff', '#c678dd', '#56b6c2', '#ffffff']
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile preserve-working-directory 'safe'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile rewrap-on-resize true
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile scroll-on-insert true
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile scroll-on-keystroke true
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile scroll-on-output false
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile scrollback-lines 10000
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile scrollback-unlimited false
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile scrollbar-policy 'always'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile text-blink-mode 'always'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile use-custom-command false
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile use-system-font true
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile use-theme-colors false
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile visible-name 'Test'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile word-char-exceptions @ms nothing
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile audible-bell true
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile background-color '#ffffff'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile backspace-binding 'ascii-delete'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile bold-color '#000000'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile bold-color-same-as-fg true
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile bold-is-bright false
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile cell-height-scale 1.0
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile cell-width-scale 1.0
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile cjk-utf8-ambiguous-width 'narrow'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile cursor-background-color '#000000'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile cursor-blink-mode 'system'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile cursor-colors-set false
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile cursor-foreground-color '#ffffff'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile cursor-shape 'block'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile custom-command ''
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile default-size-columns 80
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile default-size-rows 24
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile delete-binding 'delete-sequence'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile enable-bidi true
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile enable-shaping true
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile enable-sixel false
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile encoding 'UTF-8'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile exit-action 'close'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile font 'Monospace 12'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile foreground-color '#171421'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile highlight-background-color '#000000'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile highlight-colors-set false
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile highlight-foreground-color '#ffffff'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile login-shell false
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile palette ['#171421', '#c01c28', '#26a269', '#a2734c', '#12488b', '#a347ba', '#2aa1b3', '#d0cfcc', '#5e5c64', '#f66151', '#33d17a', '#e9ad0c', '#2a7bde', '#c061cb', '#33c7de', '#ffffff']
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile preserve-working-directory 'safe'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile rewrap-on-resize true
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile scroll-on-insert true
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile scroll-on-keystroke true
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile scroll-on-output false
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile scrollback-lines 10000
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile scrollback-unlimited false
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile scrollbar-policy 'always'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile text-blink-mode 'always'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile use-custom-command false
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile use-system-font true
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile use-theme-colors true
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile visible-name 'Unnamed'
org.gnome.Terminal.Legacy.Profile word-char-exceptions @ms nothing
